use godror instead of oci8 (#170)
rubenv/sql-migrate: README.md

See [here](https://github.com/go-sql-driver/mysql#parsetime) for more information.

> ### Oracle(oci8)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Oracle (oci8)
```

Oracle Driver is [oci8](https://github.com/mattn/go-oci8), it is not pure golang code and rely on Oracle Office Client([Instant Client](https://www.oracle.com/technetwork/database/database-technologies/instant-client/downloads/index.html)), more detail information is [oci8 repo](https://github.com/mattn/go-oci8).

#### Install with Oracle support

To install the library and command line program, use the following:

```bash

> go get -tags oci8 -v github.com/rubenv/sql-migrate/...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
go get -tags oracle -v github.com/rubenv/sql-migrate/...
```

We can't change this.

Author: okay.

    table: migrations
```

> ### Oracle(godror)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Oracle (godror)
```

> Oracle Driver is [godror](https://github.com/godror/godror), it is not pure golang code and rely on Oracle Office Client([Instant Client](https://www.oracle.com/database/technologies/instant-client/downloads.html)), more detail information is [godror repo](https://github.com/godror/godror).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Oracle Driver is [godror](https://github.com/godror/godror), it is not pure Go code and relies on Oracle Office Client ([Instant Client](https://www.oracle.com/database/technologies/instant-client/downloads.html)), more detailed information is in the [godror repository](https://github.com/godror/godror).
```

#### Install with Oracle support

To install the library and command line program, use the following:

1. Install sql-migrate
```bash

> CGO_ENABLED=1 GO111MODULE=on go get -tags godror -v github.com/rubenv/sql-migrate/...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
go get -tags godror -v github.com/rubenv/sql-migrate/...
```
